README.md, before:

# OpenGpt

网址：https://open-gpt.app/

最近看到了非常多基于 #OpenAI 的项目。我们每个人都应该具有创建这些项目的能力，从而解决自己的问题。
我准备创建一个 AI 平台，让所有用户都可以使用并创建 #ChatGPT 小应用。开源！
会在 [Twitter](https://twitter.com/EclipsePrayer) 上实时推送进展，欢迎点赞关注!

[![OpenGpt](./public/screenshot.png)](https://twitter.com/EclipsePrayer)


## 计划的功能

- [x] 用户可以直接运行每一个 App
  - ✅ 2023-03-04 上线第一个 App “Free Style 说唱歌词生成器”
  - ✅ 2023-03-05 上线共 6 款 App，砖已足够，需要引玉
- [x] 用户可以创建自己的 App
  - ✅ 2023-03-08 用户可以创建自己的 App，第一阶段计划完成
  - ✅ 2023-03-08 上线第一天，用户已经创建了 100 多个 App！🤯
  - ✅ 2023-03-11 用户创建的 App 数量超过 800！🤯🤯🤯
- [x] 支持用户使用自己的 API token，从而放开 rate limit 限制
- [x] 整理一些明显不好用的 App，在首页隐藏不显示

下一阶段计划

- [ ] 加入用户登录功能
- [ ] 可以点赞，并可以据此排序
- [ ] 可以收藏，创建属于自己的 App 应用列表
- [ ] 让创作者能够利用平台盈利！
- [ ] 为 App 添加标签
- [ ] 可以创建只属于自己的私有 App
- [ ] i18n 国际化支持

Commit message:

Feat/i18n (#78)
* feat: add i18n support, top 5 languages

* chore: 🤖 remove editorconfig

* chore: 🤖 remove package-lock.json

* chore: 🤖 update lock

* chore: 🤖 format

* feat: 🎸 i18n

* feat: 🎸 styling

* fix: 🐛 ignore ts error

* chore: 🤖 test

* fix: 🐛 ts error

* feat: 🎸 set NEXT_LOCALE cookie

* fix: 🐛 ts error

* feat: 🎸 csr

* fix: 🐛 ts error

* fix: 🐛 interpolation

---------

Co-authored-by: quillzhou <zhouquan@xverse.cn>

README.md, after:

# OpenGpt

English | [简体中文](./README-zh_CN.md)

Website: https://open-gpt.app/

Recently, I have seen many projects based on #OpenAI. Each of us should have the ability to create these projects to solve our own problems.
I am preparing to create an AI platform that allows all users to use and create #ChatGPT applications. It's open source!
Progress will be updated in real-time on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/EclipsePrayer). Please like and follow!

[![OpenGpt](./public/screenshot.png)](https://twitter.com/EclipsePrayer)

## Planned Features

- [x] Users can directly run each App
  - ✅ First App "Free Style Rap Lyric Generator" launched on March 4th, 2023
  - ✅ A total of six Apps were launched on March 5th, 2023; enough bricks are available and jade is needed
- [x] Users can create their own Apps
  - ✅ Users can create their own Apps as planned by the first stage completion date of March 8th, 2023
  - ✅ On the first day of launch (March 8th), users had already created over a hundred Apps! 🤯
  - ✅ The number of user-created Apps exceeded eight hundred on March11th! 🤯🤯🤯
- [x] Support for users using their API token to remove rate limit restrictions
- [x] Hide some obviously unusable Apps from the homepage

Next Stage Plan

- [ ] Add user login function
- [ ] Ability to like and sort accordingly
- [ ] Ability to save favorites and create your own list of App applications
- [ ] Allow creators to profit from the platform!
- [ ] Add tags for Apps
- [ ] Ability to create private-only personal apps
- [ ] i18n internationalization support
